# PrioritySurveyor
Priority Surveyor is a website that will set a "priority number" for all service requests registered in a company on the basis of company set parameters, at the time of registering the request itself. We will be targeting small companies that do not have big customer-service teams and will allow them to serve their customers effectively, based on priority of service requests registered. Being a open source functionality, any company would be able to introduce their own parameters and use it.
Consumers will be registering their complaints or service requests on the official website of a company. All the personal details of the user will be saved in the company database only, to ensure personal data privacy. After entering all his personal details, the customer will be redirected to our website. Our website will ask the user to take part in a 3-4 minute survey based on some general details of the appliance and what problem is being faced. Based on these questions (provided by the company itself), we will be setting a priority number (0 being lowest and 10 being highest) after the survey ends and will return this number to the original company website. The company will then successfully register the complaint/service request along with this priority number in their database and then later may ensure that customers are served according to their priority numbers to provide effective service approach. We will be dependent on the customer to answer the survey truthfully to ensure they are served well. For a new and presently small company, this method will work wonders to ensure that their customers are happy in spite of them having a small service/complaints team due to a small budget.
